adding context to how we will prioritize our work (#25)
chanzuckerberg/napari-hub: README.md

After our _alpha_ launch, we're very excited to keep iterating and building new features that are of value to the imaging community, supporting current and future _napari_ users and developers.

We have a host of ideas for ways that we can help scientists learn if a plugin is right for them, for imaging scientists to share their knowledge with core facility users and collaborators, and ways to help lower barriers for image analysts in creating, maintaining, and supporting their plugins. 

> Feel free to provide feedback or share your own ideas by submitting a [feature request](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/napari-hub/issues)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to share your own ideas on what we should improve or add, we'd love you to submit a [feature request](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/napari-hub/issues)! This will help us ensure the experience functions as intended for the community.
```

> We’ll be using this feedback from the community, along with [User Experience Research](https://cziscience.medium.com/helping-biologists-discover-and-distribute-bioimage-analysis-workflows-36b64e8c0ebd), and consultation with the napari project to prioritize which features we decide to build.

Reviewer: i do think the broader medium article (https://cziscience.medium.com/product-design-user-experience-research-to-accelerate-science-f9fbbb0d0a06) would be a better frame, avoids folks going down the specific rabbit hole of responding to the napari ideas in the article

When we have a clearer idea of our roadmap beyond our June release, we'll share it here. 

> ## About

Reviewer: i think we need to update the "napari hub is a service of the czi"- follow up with a sentence on CZI, and then napari. need to wordsmith but so far testing participants are a little curious/confused about the lines of ownership (especially since the hub is a browser)

Author: > The napari hub is built, maintained, and governed by the Imaging team at the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative as a free service for the napari community.

Better?

Reviewer: yes and add https://chanzuckerberg.com/science/programs-resources/imaging/ link to "Imaging team"?
